Data Structures
1. Why are data structures useful in programming?
Data structures help us to store and organize a large number of items in a single variable, so that we can call methods
and iterate through every value inside the data structure if we need to, or call it whenever we need a specific value
within the data structure, among other different options.

Arrays
2. Define "array" and describe the characteristics of an array.
An array is a group of items that is stored inside a variable and that are automatically indexed starting from 0 for every
value inside the array (first value is 0, second value 1 and so on). They are stored inside brackets [] and are separated
by commas.

3. Give two original examples of data sets that an array might be well-suited for.
A shopping list and the lottery drawing numbers.

Hashes
4. Define "hash" and describe the characteristics of a hash.
A hash is an array that instead of being organized by indexes starting from 0 for every value, every value is indexed by
a specific key that we create and name whatever we want. Therefore a hash is full of key-value pairs. 

5. Give two original examples of data sets that a hash might be well-suited for.
A phone list with a contact name and a phone number, and an inventory list that stores the item name and the count of items.

Iteration
6. Why is iteration useful?
Iteration is useful because we can automatically command the computer to run a certain set of code for every single value
specified in an array or hash for the iteration, without having to call each one independently. 

7. Give an example of a real-life task that would require iteration if you wrote an algorithm for it.
Calling assistance of students from a list, where we would mark whether the student is attending class or not.
example:
students = {
John: Attend,
Sue: Not attend,
Mary: Attend
}

Blocks
8. What is a block?
Blocks are sets of code (commands) given to the computer between commands 'do' and 'end' (which can also be 
represented by {}) for an array, . This code is to be run with an iteration of an array.

9. What is a block parameter, and where does its value come from?
The block parameter is a name or letter with which we identify every value in an array that we will be iterating 
and running block for. 
 